Attribution-ShareAlike 2.0. Distribution of this license does not create an
attorney-client relationship. Creative Commons provides this information on an
"as-is" basis. Any use of the work other than as authorized under this license
or copyright law is prohibited. By exercising any rights to the work provided
here, you accept and agree to be bound by the terms of this license. The
Licensor grants You the rights contained here in consideration of your
acceptance of such terms and conditions. A work that constitutes a Collective
Work will not be considered a Derivative Work (as defined below) for the
purposes of this License. "Work" means the copyrightable work of authorship
offered under the terms of this License. to reproduce the Work, to incorporate
the Work into one or more Collective Works, and to reproduce the Work as
incorporated in the Collective Works; to distribute copies or phonorecords of,
display publicly, perform publicly, and perform publicly by means of a digital
audio transmission Derivative Works. The above rights may be exercised in all
media and formats whether now known or hereafter devised. All rights not
expressly granted by Licensor are hereby reserved. You must keep intact all
notices that refer to this License and to the disclaimer of warranties. If You
create a Derivative Work, upon notice from any Licensor You must, to the extent
practicable, remove from the Derivative Work any reference to such Licensor or
the Original Author, as requested. and in the case of a Derivative Work, a
credit identifying the use of the Work in the Derivative Work (e.g., "French
translation of the Work by Original Author," or "Screenplay based on original
Work by Original Author"). Such credit may be implemented in any reasonable
manner; provided, however, that in the case of a Derivative Work or Collective
Work, at a minimum such credit will appear where any other comparable authorship
credit appears and in a manner at least as prominent as such other comparable
authorship credit. UNLESS OTHERWISE AGREED TO BY THE PARTIES IN WRITING,
LICENSOR OFFERS THE WORK AS-IS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY
KIND CONCERNING THE MATERIALS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE,
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTIBILITY, FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR THE ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER
DEFECTS, ACCURACY, OR THE PRESENCE OF ABSENCE OF ERRORS, WHETHER OR not
DISCOVERABLE. 7. Termination. Individuals or entities who have received
Derivative Works or Collective Works from You under this License, however, will
not have their licenses terminated provided such individuals or entities remain
in full compliance with those licenses. provided, however that any such election
will not serve to withdraw this License (or any other license that has been, or
is required to be, granted under the terms of this License), and this License
will continue in full force and effect unless terminated as stated above. Each
time You distribute or publicly digitally perform the Work or a Collective Work,
the Licensor offers to the recipient a license to the Work on the same terms and
conditions as the license granted to You under this License. No term or
provision of this License shall be deemed waived and no breach consented to
unless such waiver or consent shall be in writing and signed by the party to be
charged with such waiver or consent. This License constitutes the entire
agreement between the parties with respect to the Work licensed here. Licensor
shall not be bound by any additional provisions that may appear in any
communication from You. This License may not be modified without the mutual
written agreement of the Licensor and You. Creative Commons is not a party to
this License, and makes no warranty whatsoever in connection with the Work.
Notwithstanding the foregoing two (2) sentences, if Creative Commons has
expressly identified itself as the Licensor hereunder, it shall have all rights
and obligations of Licensor. Any permitted use will be in compliance with
Creative Commons' then-current trademark usage guidelines, as may be published
on its website or otherwise made available upon request from time to time.
Creative Commons may be contacted at http: Resumption of the session. You have
requested a debate on this subject in the course of the next few days, during
this part-session. In the meantime, I should like to observe a minute's silence,
as a number of Members have requested, on behalf of all the victims concerned,
particularly those of the terrible storms, in the various countries of the
European Union. If the House agrees, I shall do as Mr Evans has suggested. I
want to know whether one can raise an objection of that kind to what is merely a
report, not a legislative proposal, and whether that is something I can
competently do on Thursday. that is precisely the time when you may, if you
wish, raise this question, i.e. on Thursday prior to the start of the
presentation of the report. This is all in accordance with the principles that
we have always upheld. Indeed, it is quite in keeping with the positions this
House has always adopted. These findings form the basis of the European
programmes to protect the Barents Sea, and that is why I would ask you to
examine a draft letter setting out the most important facts and to make
Parliament's position, as expressed in the resolutions which it has adopted,
clear as far as Russia is concerned. Yes, Mrs Schroedter, I shall be pleased to
look into the facts of this case when I have received your letter. But, Madam
President, my personal request has not been met. It will, I hope, be examined in
a positive light. Madam President, can you tell me why this Parliament does not
adhere to the health and safety legislation that it actually passes? Why has no
air quality test been done on this particular building since we were elected?
Why have the staircases not been improved since my accident? The questions
answered previously referred to Mrs De Palacio's intervention, on another
occasion, and not to these comments which appeared in the Abc newspaper on 18
November. We shall therefore look into it properly to ensure that everything is
as it should be. Madam President, I should like to know if there will be a clear
message going out from Parliament this week about our discontent over today's
decision refusing to renew the arms embargo on Indonesia, considering that the
vast majority in this Parliament have endorsed the arms embargo in Indonesia in
the past? As people have said, the situation there is extremely volatile. We do
not know what is happening. This commitment is important because the Commission
is a body with a monopoly of initiative in accordance with the Treaties and,
therefore, basically dictates this Parliament's political and legislative
activity for the next five years. There has therefore been enough time for the
Commission to prepare its programme and for us to become familiar with it and
explain it to our citizens. I was told that large sections of the Socialist
Group were also keen to have this item taken off the agenda, because at the vote
in the Conference of Presidents no vote was received from the working group of
Members of the Socialist Group responsible for this matter. That is why my Group
moves that this item be taken off the agenda. We shall now hear Mr Wurtz
speaking against this request. Madam President, I would firstly like to point
out Mr Poettering's lack of logic. It is not a lot to ask. Madam President, I
would like to thank Mr Poettering for advertising this debate. Thank you very
much. Madam President, the Presidency has already declared the result of the
vote. Madam President, in the earlier vote - and I will abide by your ruling on
this matter - on the question of the strategic plan of the Commission I
indicated that I would like to speak in advance of the vote on behalf of my
Group. I regret this, but the vote has already been taken and the decision is
made so let us leave the matter there. This seems to me to be a workable
solution. As an Austrian, I still have a vivid memory, as, I believe, we all do,
of the catastrophe which cost so many human lives last year in the Tauern
Tunnel, where subsequent work to rebuild the parts of the tunnel which had been
destroyed in this fire continued for many months at huge expense. The renovation
project, which lasted for months, cut off this important route between the north
and south of Europe. The traffic which had to be diverted because of this
stretched the patience of many thousands of people in the EU to the limit. Madam
President, first of all I should like to thank Mr Koch for his report which has,
at its heart, the issue of transport safety. I congratulate him on his excellent
report. The rapporteur has pointed out to the House that in its common position
the Council has accepted six of Parliament's ten amendments put forward at first
reading and that the substance of Parliament's other amendments has been
retained. We still have a lot of work to do in this area as recent events have
proved. We are concerned here with the harmonisation of examination requirements
but also, in fact, with minimum requirements. This is important, but so is
enforcement and there are, of course, a number of reasons why we need to pay
particular attention to this. In short, the issue is an important one. The work
is done. I would like to mention one final point. With regard to enforcement,
proper agreements must also be concluded with the Eastern European countries
because they will not enter into treaties which deal with this matter until 1
July 2001, that is to say in eighteen months' time. This, however, does not seem
feasible. I should like to make just a few comments. My second point has already
been mentioned: In principle, I believe that in many cases where transport is
concerned we should be working towards increased flexibility and
country-specific rules. My third point has also been mentioned already. We do
not want to make the conditions of competition worse for some countries
unilaterally and improve them for countries such as Austria or other transit
countries. But I believe that we should do all we can to keep the transport of
dangerous goods to a minimum, in all countries, whether they are transit
countries or not. Mr President, I would firstly like to congratulate the
rapporteur, Mr Koch, on his magnificent work and his positive cooperation with
the Commission with regard to improving the texts and presenting this report and
this proposal; Very briefly, I would like to thank the various Members for their
interventions and to tell you that safety is one of the Commission's priorities
in the field of transport. The process of increasing safety margins and safety
guarantees in transport is a process which must be improved day by day.
Therefore, we will have to see how the requirements guaranteeing the maximum
degree of safety can be further improved. This week we will be holding a debate
here on the safety of sea transport, in light of the Erika disaster, and in the
course of this year we will have to discuss our objectives in terms of the
safety of air transport. The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 p.m.. Transport
of dangerous goods by road. In particular, annexes cannot be adapted to take
account of technical and industrial developments. I regret this since we are
having to take action because others have not done their job. Should the
European Union fail to take action, then Member States would be obliged to amend
their national legislation for a very brief period, until the CEN completes its
work, which would cause unnecessary cost and uncertainty. The amendment to the
Directive is consequently in full accordance with the principle of subsidiarity;
the Member States obtain more powers. In so doing, it is supported by a
committee of experts on the transport of dangerous goods under the regulatory
procedure. In addition, the need for greater transparency has been pointed out.
Mr President, colleagues, a happy new year and millennium to you all. I am
speaking for the first time in this plenary part-session, so this is quite
exciting for me, a little like first love, although that did last longer than
two minutes. It is good that this Directive should be established now, as,
otherwise, member states would have to amend their national acts for a very
short time, a period of transition, which would again mean unnecessary costs and
which would once more increase concern with regard to EU bureaucracy. There is
support for the EU in Lapland also, so let us remember them. I have thus
proposed that the frost rating be lowered to -40° C. I hope my proposal will be
taken into consideration in tomorrow's vote. I thought that it was quite superb.
This Directive is a contribution to this. I should like to conclude by
commenting on a third matter which is also of significance, namely an amendment
tabled by Member of Parliament, Mr Ari Vatanen. In many ways, the prerequisites
differ from one Member State to another. By approving this amendment, we take
account of the fact that it can be very cold in the northern parts of the
European Union. It is good that, in establishing the present regulations, we can
also be flexible. I would like to ask the Vice-President if she is in a position
to tell us today what the state of play is with regard to the efforts towards
harmonisation being made by these two organisations, and whether the EU is in a
position to hasten these harmonisation efforts, in accordance with principles
that are as simple as possible. For one thing is clear: We all regret that the
European Committee for Standardisation (CEN) has not been able, in the required
time, to carry out the amendment of the provisions necessary for the required
harmonisation within the European Union. A moment ago, Mr Vatanen spoke to us of
lower temperatures, not of 20 degrees below zero, but of 40 degrees below zero.
Of course, we accept that amendment - it is absolutely right - and I believe
that we should incorporate specific circumstances which demonstrate the climatic
diversity of the European Union, which sometimes take the form of specifics and
of concrete requirements for the establishment of standards and
characterisations of a technical nature. The next item is the report
(A5-0108/1999) by Mrs Schroedter, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy,
Transport and Tourism, on the communication from the Commission in the field of
the Structural Funds and their coordination with the Cohesion Fund: We have seen
the gap between rich and poor widen. We look to the Commission to deal with
points in relation to additionality. We look to it to challenge the UK
Government, to ensure that the private sector, which surely must be providing
the major impetus for Structural Funds expenditure, is involved in the planning
stage. This is one area in which I believe the Commission can be a very great
friend to Wales. Finally, as the committee representing energy, we would have
liked the issue of support for renewable energy resources from Cohesion and
Regional Development funds to have been emphasised still more, thus, through a
process of coordination, increasing the use of renewables so that the scant
funding resources in the energy programme might have been compensated by means
of these more substantial sums. These amendments also fit in with this
Parliament's view that social exclusion is a serious issue needing constructive
action. It could be said that the omission gives the impression that the
Commission too has no idea how to provide maximum coordination between European
Social Fund assistance, which is subject to review after three and a half years,
and the Member States' annual national plans for employment. maintaining a
population in rural areas, given the changes taking place in all types of
economic activity owing to agriculture's increasing lack of importance amongst
the various sources of income for rural society. It is the young people who are
disappearing, who are getting an education and finding work outside of the rural
areas, all of which has an unfavourable effect on those areas. We have to
remember that rural areas represent almost four fifths of the territory of the
European Union. Agriculture only provides 5.5% of employment in the Union.
Furthermore, three quarters of our farm workers are part-time and require
supplements to their incomes. For this reason, one of the most important and
essential objectives which we should set in the European Union is to make
efforts to create new jobs in rural areas, outside of the agricultural sector,
in sectors such as rural tourism, sport, culture, heritage conservation, the
conversion of businesses, new technologies, services, etc.. It is important to
prioritise general criteria for land planning and demographic equilibrium, and
to bear in mind the conclusions of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural
Development on the five fundamental issues, which have been only partly taken up
by the Committee on Transport, Regional Policy and Tourism in its points 16 and
17. Mr President, Commissioner, I would like to begin by thanking Mrs
Schroedter, the rapporteur, for her work. I would also like to thank her for her
willingness to enter into dialogue with the other political groups when
compromise formulas have needed to be reached in the face of this avalanche of
amendments - and perhaps there are more of them than we expected - but which
genuinely reflect the importance of the report we are now discussing. We feel
that it is important that the Commission takes account of the conclusions
adopted by this Parliament, at least in spirit, because at this stage, it might
seem as though what we are doing here is a useless exercise, and nothing but hot
air. In order to achieve a more rapid and efficient boost for attaining these
objectives, we think that those who generate employment, the real entrepreneurs
and those who really guarantee new sources of employment, that is,
businesspeople, must participate in this initiative. Small and medium-sized
businesses, above all, need to take part in the distribution of these funds.
Also, in order to attain our objectives, to overcome the disparities between
regions and to seek out sources of employment, it is crucial to give our
complete support to new technologies, to transport and communications networks
and to renewable energies. My Group has made extensive amendments to both
reports up for debate today. It is important to identify the skills and
potential of our regions in the hi-tech sector. We are badly behind now in this
matter. Hopefully, the stands Parliament has taken will help, however, in the
mid-term appraisal of the programmes and in their practical implementation. For
the time, the report grew too large when it was being debated. It contained
details and issues that had already been raised in previous reports. At this
stage it is more important to concentrate on assessing how we can use this
process to steer Union regional policy, bearing in mind that the aim is to
reduce regional inequality. It is especially important to get SMEs involved in
the planning and implementation of programmes. Projects implemented with support
from the Union have had their effect watered down all too often by slow decision
making and complicated administrative processes. Funds have often been granted
for projects which have had no lasting benefit for the area concerned. While the
report was being prepared, it was interesting to discuss the Union's regional
policy in general. For us new members, it was the first time, and this was a
very interesting process. This report is very good and our Group supports it. Mr
President, we should not forget that the main, strategic objective of the
Structural and Cohesion Funds and of their coordination is to achieve economic
and social cohesion. We feel that the Funds are a necessary but insufficient
condition for achieving economic and social cohesion. Some speakers have already
mentioned unemployment and the fall in population. This fact means that the
European Parliament, the Commissioner and the Commission must act decisively and
strategically. I agree that the European Parliament did not have the opportunity
- or that it was not given the opportunity, as we had reached the end of the
parliamentary term - to discuss the Directives. We all agree that we should ask
that, halfway through these programmes, when the assessment of the Directives is
made, Parliament should be given an equally influential role on the grounds that
we are the citizens' representatives. Our citizens cannot accept that the
European Union takes decisions in a way that is, at least on the face of it,
bureaucratic. They need to see the political dimension working, to see that
officials accept their responsibilities and that there is communication with the
citizens. I would like to think that, given his previous experience as a
regional President, he will agree to propose indicators, and a strategy, which
will favour economic and social cohesion and not just productivity. Member
States are urged to attach greater importance to integrated strategies for
revitalising relations between towns and rural areas. Mr President, on numerous
occasions in the past I have disagreed with the rapporteur on her approach to
regional policy issues. Personally, I at least am totally in favour of the
guidelines. This is not the first time that this issue has not been given the
consideration it deserves. This has been an ongoing concern for the five years
that I have been a Member of this Parliament, and I have raised the issue time
and time again. Mr President, Commissioner, in this minute and a half I should
like, first of all, to congratulate Mrs Schroedter. In brief, I would like to
say that we are entering the period when we are called upon to manage the
programming for 2000-2006, which must be no routine period for the good reason
that we have two major challenges to face. The first is the harmonisation of
national development policies and regional development policies. how can we
ensure that Union policy interfaces with the subsidiary national policies for
regional development? These are two areas of action which I invite the
Commissioner to set up and in which I would ask him to involve us. As you know,
it is up to each State to redistribute part of the total appropriation. Mr
President, the priority given to financial and monetary criteria reinforces the
increase in inequalities of every shape and form. as far as French planning
experts are concerned, for example, the most probable scenario today is that of
the entrenchment of regional disparities within each country. The Commission,
however, though bound to issue guidelines, does so only reluctantly and in a
vague manner. The report put forward today re-establishes its place in the
political sphere. This is what persuades us to vote in favour of it. Mr
President, I too would like to congratulate the rapporteur on her excellent
work. There are, therefore, two points to which I would like to draw the
Commission's attention. Firstly, we need to make the best possible use of
consultation as a means of ensuring proper coordination and participation by all
local and regional operators in decision-making, precisely so that imbalances
and inequalities can be avoided. Before you sign up. This means that we don't
allow joint accounts. Additionally, you can only sign up for one Facebook
account per email address. Learn more about our name policies. You received this
email because a Facebook member is inviting you to join Facebook. If you'd like
to, you can add this email address to your existing Facebook account to ensure
that you won't get Facebook invites sent to you in the future. If you are not
already a Facebook member and would like to join, you can use this email to
start the registration process. If you wish to no longer receive invites from
your friends, you can use the unsubscribe link in the footer of the email.
What's the difference between logging in and signing up? To sign up for a brand
new account, enter your name, birthday, gender, and email address into the form
on www.facebook.com. What is the minimum password strength? When creating a new
password, be sure that it is at least 6 characters in length and that you use a
complex string of numbers, letters, and punctuation marks. If the password you
entered is not strong enough, you may want to try mixing uppercase and lowercase
letters or making your password longer. How do I add a security question to my
account? Click the account menu at the top right of any Facebook page and choose
Account Settings. Tips for picking a good security question: Pick a question and
answer you know you'll remember. You can improve the overall security of your
account by updating your security information. Facebook Adverts. Reach your
target customers. Use our "Like" button to increase the influence of your
advert. Build a community around your business. Control your budget. Reach the
right people at the right time. Over 12 months, CM Photographics generated
nearly 40,000 dollars in revenue directly from a 600 dollars advertising
investment on Facebook. Flexible pricing and real-time suggested bids provide
guidance for cost-effective advert campaigns. Facebook Adverts makes it easy and
cost-effective to quickly set up and manage your campaign. 10% conversion rate
from visits originating from Facebook Adverts. On par with Google Adwords on a
cost-per-lead and cost-per-customer basis. 1.25 dollars CPC delivered 10.25
dollars cost-per-lead. Introducing the "Subscribe" Button. Now you can hear from
journalists, celebrities, political figures and other people too. Click the
"Subscribe" button on someone's Profile to get their public updates in your News
Feed. Fine-tune your News Feed. Use the "Subscribe" button to choose what you
see from friends and others in News Feed. For each person, you could hide all
game stories, see just photos, limit updates to life events and more. Get your
own subscribers. Let anyone get your public updates. Allowing subscribers is a
simple way to broaden your conversation on Facebook, while reserving personal
updates for people you know well. Why don't all profiles have a "Subscribe"
button? If you don't see the button, you can't subscribe. If I allow
subscribers, what updates will they see? Learn more about the "Subscribe" button
in the Help Centre. Do you have a Facebook Page? The harmonisation of national
laws is the only means to prevent such barriers to trade and unfair competition.
(2) Energy-using products (EUPs) account for a large proportion of the
consumption of natural resources and energy in the Community. For the vast
majority of product categories available on the Community market, very different
degrees of environmental impact can be noted though they provide similar
functional performances. In the interest of sustainable development, continuous
improvement in the overall environmental impact of those products should be
encouraged, notably by identifying the major sources of negative environmental
impacts and avoiding transfer of pollution, when this improvement does not
entail excessive costs. A significant reduction in energy consumption as
suggested by the Commission in its European Climate Change Programme (ECCP) is
possible. Energy saving is the most cost-effective way to increase security of
supply and reduce import dependency. (5) Action should be taken during the
design phase of EUPs, since it appears that the pollution caused during a
product's life cycle is determined at that stage, and most of the costs involved
are committed then. (7) Ecodesign requirements should be set bearing in mind the
goals and priorities of the Sixth Community Environment Action Programme,
including as appropriate applicable goals of the relevant thematic strategies of
that Programme. (9) A Member State deeming it necessary to maintain national
provisions on grounds of major needs relating to the protection of the
environment, or to introduce new ones based on new scientific evidence relating
to the protection of the environment on groundsof a problem specific to that
member state arising after the adoption of the applicable implementing measure,
may do so following the conditions laid down in article 95 (4), (5) and (6) of
the treaty, that provides for a prior notification to and approval from the
Commission. (11) The approach set out in the Green Paper on Integrated Product
Policy, which is a major innovative element of the Sixth Community Environment
Action Programme, aims to reduce the environmental impacts of products across
the whole of their life cycle. (12) Although a comprehensive approach to
environmental performance is desirable, greenhouse gas mitigation through
increased energy efficiency should be considered a priority environmental goal
pending the adoption of a working plan. Such measures can also contribute to a
sustainable use of resources and constitute a major contribution to the 10-year
framework of programmes on sustainable production and consumption agreed at the
World Summit on Sustainable Development in Johannesburg in September 2002. (14)
As a general principle, the energy consumption of EUPs in stand-by or off-mode
should be reduced to the minimum necessary for their proper functioning.
Flexibility in the method for establishing the level of requirements can make
swift improvement of environmental performance easier. The setting of mandatory
measures requires proper consultation of the parties involved. 19) Chapter 6 of
the Commission's "Communication on Environmental Agreements at Community level
within the Framework of the Action Plan on the Simplification and Improvement of
the Regulatory Environment" could provide useful guidance when assessing
self-regulation by industry in the context of this Directive. (20) This
Directive should also encourage the integration of Ecodesign in small and
medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and very small firms. (23) When preparing
implementing measures, the Commission should also take due account of existing
national environmental legislation, in particular concerning toxic substances,
which Member States have indicated that they consider should be preserved,
without reducing the existing and justified levels of protection in the Member
States. (24) Regard should be given to the modules and rules intended for use in
technical harmonisation Directives set out in Council Decision 93/465/EEC of 22
July 1993 concerning the modules for the various phases of the conformity
assessment procedures and the rules for the affixing and use of the CE
conformity marking, which are intended to be used in the technical harmonisation
Directives. Such cooperation should make the utmost use of electronic means of
communication and relevant Community programmes. (29) It is in the interest of
the functioning of the internal market to have standards which have been
harmonised at Community level. Such standards could be essential in establishing
measuring and testing methods. In the case of generic ecodesign requirements
harmonised standards could contribute considerably to guiding manufacturers in
establishing the ecological profile of their products in accordance with the
requirements of the applicable implementing measure. The purpose of harmonised
standards should not be to fix limits for environmental aspects. (31) For the
purpose of definitions used in this Directive it is useful to refer to relevant
international standards such as ISO 14040 (32). This Directive is in accordance
with certain principles for the implementation of the new approach as set out in
the Council Resolution of 7 May 1985 on a new approach to technical
harmonisation and standards and of making reference to harmonised European
standards. The Council Resolution of 28 October 1999 on the role of
standardisation in Europe recommended that the Commission should examine whether
the New Approach principle could be extended to sectors not yet covered as a
means of improving and simplifying legislation wherever possible. (34) Since
Council Directive 92/42/EEC of 21 May 1992 on efficiency requirements for new
hot-water boilers fired with liquid or gaseous fuels, Directive 96/57/EC of the
European Parliament and of the Council of 3 September 1996 on energy efficiency
requirements for household electric refrigerators, freezers and combinations
thereof and Directive 2000/55/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council
of 18 September 2000 on energy efficiency requirements for ballasts for
fluorescent lighting already contain provisions for the revision of the energy
efficiency requirements, they should be integrated into the present framework.
Since Member States and the industry agree that the star rating system has
proved not to deliver the expected result, Directive 92/42/EEC should be amended
to open the way for more effective schemes. COMMUNICATION FROM THE COMMISSION TO
THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND TO THE COUNCIL concerning the implementation and
continuation of the Pericles programme for the protection of the euro against
counterfeiting. Proposal for a COUNCIL DECISION extending to the
non-participating Member States the application of Council Decision amending and
extending Council Decision of 17 December 2001 establishing an exchange,
assistance and training programme for the protection of the euro against
counterfeiting (the "Pericles" programme). Article 6 of the Decision set a
reference amount of 4 million euro for the programme. In addition, the police
forces have successfully conducted a number of operations to dismantle workshops
and seize large numbers of counterfeit banknotes and coins before they enter
into circulation. This overall favourable situation is the result of a long
preparation at both legislative and institutional level and demonstrates the
high level of cooperation achieved in EU and at international level. And, in
1999 Europol’s mandate was extended to include money counterfeiting [4]. With
regard to criminal sanctions, the Commission has published two reports [5] on
the implementation of the above-mentioned Framework Decision, which show a
satisfactory level of implementation. Databases and communication systems are
operating in the ECB and Europol. Dedicated bodies were created for the
technical analysis of counterfeits in the Member States, the ECB - for
banknotes, and the Commission - for coins. Continuing vigilance is needed in
order to maintain and build on the results currently achieved in the fight
against euro counterfeiting. In line with Article 13 of the Pericles Decision,
the evaluation of the Pericles programme was assigned to the independent auditor
of the European Anti-Fraud Office (OLAF) who submitted the evaluation report on
30 November 2004. The evaluator examined the files of 21 of the Pericles actions
carried out until March 2004, on Member State or Commission initiative. - The
target groups for the programme have been reached in part with a very high
participation by law enforcement officials; - In terms of costs, the evaluator
found that some of the projects were particularly costly and highlighted
specific cost items. - Co-operation between the European institutions/bodies
(Commission/OLAF, ECB and Europol) should be further developed so as to
eliminate any overlapping between different programmes and to further improve
the co-ordination of the main actors (law enforcement, banks, prosecutors) in
the fight against euro counterfeiting. - With regard to the effect of the
programme on the convergence of high level training for trainers, it was not
possible to make an assessment as there was not sufficient information on the
link between national strategies and the activities under Pericles. - With a
view to enabling the assessment of the effect of the programme, among others on
the convergence of high level training for trainers, the evaluator recommends
the preparation of a strategy document, to be finalised before the new Pericles
enters into effect. The implementation of the Programme made a slow start,
mainly due to its adoption in December 2001. Subsequently, the programme took
off and the budget allocation was completely committed in 2003 and 2004. Of the
total 56 projects, 41 originate at the competent authorities of Member States,
while 15 are an initiative of the Commission/OLAF. Following enlargement, this
type of activity is likely to develop further, which is also in line with the
recommendation of the Pericles evaluator. Only one technical study was
undertaken under the current Pericles, which is planned to continue at a broader
level in 2005. Almost 2600 persons participated in these events. In terms of
origin of the participants, the evaluation report notes that these came from 76
countries, with a majority from Member States. It was noted that some countries
showed a low level of participation, among them some of the euro area countries.
This situation may reflect organisational rather than structural situations and
an effort to balance it is currently under way. Some countries are more active
in organising events, with Italy representing over 21% of the total number of
activities. As the evaluation report also mentions (p. 14) that the organisation
of Pericles actions covered all the areas relevant to the protection of the
euro: law enforcement, judicial, financial and technical and promoted
particularly the creation of networks useful for achieving greater efficiency in
the fight against the crime of counterfeiting. Contributions at the Pericles
actions are ensured by the ECB, the Commission, Europol and, in some cases,
Eurojust, Interpol and the US Secret Service. With regard to the aspects of euro
protection, where the responsibility belongs to the Member States, expertise was
systematically sought in their specialised services. The Pericles actions take
place mostly inside the EU. Pericles has now practically centralised Community
level carried out by the Commission and Member States action with respect to the
protection of the euro and has also largely replaced the Commission’s specific ‘
Protection of the euro ’ budget line. In addition to their awareness and
training content, the Pericles actions have led to a number of structural and
other improvements in Member Sates and in third countries. Among others,
National Central Offices for the fight against counterfeiting were created in
several countries; In line with Article 13 of Council Decision of 17 December
2001 establishing an exchange, assistance and training programme for the
protection of the euro against counterfeiting (the ‘ Pericles’ programme) and
based on the Pericles evaluation report of 30 November 2004, it is proposed that
the Council decision be extended and amended. In line also with the
recommendation of the evaluator of Pericles, it is appropriate to extend the
Pericles programme, based on the need to: - particularly insist on training and
technical assistance in the new Member States, with priority to those who will
first introduce the euro as their single currency. Whereas it is essential, if
man is not to be compelled to have recourse, as a last resort, to rebellion
against tyranny and oppression, that human rights should be protected by the
rule of law; Whereas the peoples of the United Nations have in the Charter
reaffirmed their faith in fundamental human rights, in the dignity and worth of
the human person and in the equal rights of men and women and have determined to
promote social progress and better standards of life in larger freedom; Article
1. All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights. They are
endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a
spirit of brotherhood. Everyone has the right to life, liberty and the security
of person. No one shall be held in slavery or servitude; slavery and the slave
trade shall be prohibited in all their forms. (1) Everyone charged with a penal
offence has the right to be presumed innocent until proved guilty according to
law in a public trial at which he has had all the guarantees necessary for his
defence. (2) Everyone has the right to leave any country, including his own, and
to return to his country. (2) This right may not be invoked in the case of
prosecutions genuinely arising from non-political crimes or from acts contrary
to the purposes and principles of the United Nations. (1) Men and women of full
age, without any limitation due to race, nationality or religion, have the right
to marry and to found a family. (2) Marriage shall be entered into only with the
free and full consent of the intending spouses. (2) No one shall be arbitrarily
deprived of his property. Everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and
expression; (1) Everyone has the right to take part in the government of his
country, directly or through freely chosen representatives. this will shall be
expressed in periodic and genuine elections which shall be by universal and
equal suffrage and shall be held by secret vote or by equivalent free voting
procedures. (4) Everyone has the right to form and to join trade unions for the
protection of his interests. Everyone has the right to rest and leisure,
including reasonable limitation of working hours and periodic holidays with pay.
(2) Motherhood and childhood are entitled to special care and assistance. It
shall promote understanding, tolerance and friendship among all nations, racial
or religious groups, and shall further the activities of the United Nations for
the maintenance of peace. (3) Parents have a prior right to choose the kind of
education that shall be given to their children. (1) Everyone has the right
freely to participate in the cultural life of the community, to enjoy the arts
and to share in scientific advancement and its benefits. (2) In the exercise of
his rights and freedoms, everyone shall be subject only to such limitations as
are determined by law solely for the purpose of securing due recognition and
respect for the rights and freedoms of others and of meeting the just
requirements of morality, public order and the general welfare in a democratic
society. (3) These rights and freedoms may in no case be exercised contrary to
the purposes and principles of the United Nations. If momma ain't happy, nobody
ain't happy. We know that, right? We piled enormous amounts of pollution into
the air and into the water. we made people very unhappy, and we made them
unhealthy. And that flow, that flow of life, from the very base up to the very
top, is the flow that ecologists see. What'll happen is that the Styrofoam
peanuts will start moving through our society here, and they will accumulate in
the drunkest, stingiest people. And that's exactly what happens with PCBs in
this food pyramid: PCBs accumulate. They get into the food chain. Now, a
dolphin, mother dolphin, any dolphin - there's only one way that a PCB can get
out of a dolphin. And what's that? In mother's milk. Females after their first
calf is already weaned: Now, the mother then can go and reproduce, but what a
terrible price to pay for the accumulation of this pollutant in these animals -
the death of the first-born calf. And we also are eating meat that comes from
some of these same places. This is whale meat that I photographed in a grocery
store in Tokyo - or is it? Even though they were labeled whale meat, they were
dolphin meat. Some of them were dolphin liver. And that huge load was passing
into the people that ate this meat. It turns out that a lot of dolphins are
being sold as meat in the whale meat market around the world. It had
two-three-to-400 times the toxic loads ever allowed by the EPA. I love a
challenge, and saving the Earth is probably a good one. We all know the Earth is
in trouble. I want to present to you a suite of six mycological solutions, using
fungi, and these solutions are based on mycelium. This holds up to 30,000 times
its mass. Most of you are familiar with Portobello mushrooms. And frankly, I
face a big obstacle. So, I hope to pierce that prejudice forever with this
group. We call it mycophobia, the irrational fear of the unknown, when it comes
to fungi. Mushrooms produce strong antibiotics. In fact, we're more closely
related to fungi than we are to any other kingdom. But here is a mushroom that's
past its prime. They give rise to the trees, they create the debris fields that
feed the mycelium. And so we see a mushroom here sporulating. And the spores are
germinating, and the mycelium forms and goes underground. In a single cubic inch
of soil, there can be more than eight miles of these cells. And inside these
wells, then microbial communities begin to form. The mycelium is sentient. So, I
believe the invention of the computer Internet is an inevitable consequence of a
previously proven, biologically successful model. Going way out, dark matter
conforms to the same mycelial archetype. So, fungi and mycelium sequester carbon
dioxide in the form of calcium oxalates. And all sorts of other oxalates are
also sequestering carbon dioxide through the minerals that are being formed and
taken out of the rock matrix. This is a photograph by Franz Hueber. 420 million
years ago, this organism existed. Prototaxites, laying down, was about three
feet tall. The tallest plants on Earth at that time were less than two feet.
Across the landscapes of Earth were dotted these giant mushrooms. The Earth was
struck by an asteroid, a huge amount of debris was jettisoned into the
atmosphere. The largest organism in the world is in Eastern Oregon. The largest
organism on the planet is a mycelial mat, one cell wall thick. The mycelium, in
the right conditions, produces a mushroom - it bursts through with such ferocity
that it can break asphalt. I'm going to show you six, if I can, solutions for
helping to save the world. The Republic of Bulgaria and Romania hereby become
members of the European Union. The provisions of that Act shall form an integral
part of this Treaty. This Treaty shall be ratified by the High Contracting
Parties in accordance with their respective constitutional requirements. The
instruments of ratification shall be deposited with the Government of the
Italian Republic by 31 December 2006 at the latest. If such a decision is taken
with respect to only one of the acceding States this Treaty shall enter into
force for that State on 1 January 2008. The text of the Treaty establishing a
Constitution for Europe drawn up in the Bulgarian and Romanian languages shall
be annexed to this Treaty. It shall submit a draft of the protocols for
conclusion to the Council. The Council shall act unanimously after consulting
the European Parliament. Actions under these programmes will have to be
contracted within the following two years. No extensions shall be granted for
the contracting period. Exceptionally and in duly justified cases, limited
extensions in terms of duration may be granted for execution of contracts.
However, the provisions contained in Article 165 of the Financial Regulation
applicable to the general budget of the European Communities shall not apply.
The committee shall adopt its rules of procedure. One twelfth of each annual
amount shall be payable to Bulgaria and Romania on the first working day of each
month in the corresponding year. Any unused or unjustifiably spent funds shall
be recovered by the Commission. The Commission may adopt any technical
provisions necessary for the operation of the temporary Cash-flow and Schengen
Facility. Priority shall be given to such measures as will least disturb the
functioning of the internal market. The measures shall be maintained no longer
than strictly necessary and, in any case, shall be lifted when the relevant
commitment is implemented. They may however be applied beyond the period
specified in the first paragraph as long as the relevant commitments have not
been fulfilled. They may however be applied beyond the period specified in the
first paragraph as long as these shortcomings persist. The European Parliament
shall make such adaptations to its Rules of Procedure as are rendered necessary
by accession. A national of each new Member State shall be appointed to the
Commission as from the date of accession. The terms of office of the Members
thus appointed shall expire at the same time as those of the Members in office
at the time of accession. This Judge shall be chosen by lot. The term of office
of the other Judge shall expire on 6 October 2012. The term of office of the
other Judge shall expire on 31 August 2010. The General Court, in agreement with
the Court of Justice, shall make such adaptations to its Rules of Procedure as
are rendered necessary by accession. The Rules of Procedure as adapted shall
require the consent of the Council. The terms of office of the newly appointed
members shall expire at the same time as those of the members in office at the
time of accession. The measures shall be adopted according to the voting rules
governing the adoption of the act from which a temporary derogation is sought.
Where these adaptations are adopted after accession they may be applied as from
the date of accession. The text of that Treaty, drawn up in the Bulgarian and
Romanian languages, shall be annexed to this Protocol. A national base area for
each producing Member State is hereby established. However, for France two base
areas are established. A maximum guaranteed area of 829229 ha is hereby
established. If such a decision is taken before the date of accession, the
decision will only come into effect upon the date of accession. First,
emerging-market hype is just that. high commodity prices, low interest rates,
and seemingly endless buckets of foreign finance. In theory, market-determined
currency values are supposed to isolate the domestic economy from the vagaries
of international finance, rising when money floods in and falling when the flows
are reversed. Fourth, faith in global economic-policy coordination is misplaced.
It is naïve for emerging-market governments to expect major financial centers to
adjust their policies in response to economic conditions elsewhere. Officials
face a simple choice: Intellectual Property and Economic Development. This
attitude is particularly prevalent in India, which recently put trade
negotiations with the EU on hold, and it was central to the failure of the Doha
Round of global trade talks. Such companies bring technologically advanced
imports and new management techniques that foster growth in domestic firms,
while spurring industrial modernization. The bigger issue, as the IMS
consultancy found last year, is the shortage of doctors, clinics, and hospitals,
especially in rural areas. Medicine, however affordable, is of no value if no
one is available to prescribe or administer it. This, coupled with the lack of a
public safety net, makes health problems a leading source of economic hardship,
even for middle-class families. Far from improving citizens' access to health
care, weak IP protections are exacerbating India's formidable health-care
challenges. It is time for India's leaders to recognize the positive role that
IP can play in fostering growth and improving citizens' wellbeing. LONDON – Bank
of England Governor Mark Carney surprised his audience at a conference late last
year by speculating that banking assets in London could grow to more than nine
times Britain's GDP by 2050. continued financial deepening worldwide (that is,
faster growth of financial assets than of the real economy), and London's
maintenance of its share of the global financial business. But Carney argues
that, on the contrary, the rest of the British economy benefits from having a
global financial center in its midst. Here, too, Germany should take the lead.
Ultimately, codependency leads to a loss of identity, serious frictions, and
often a nasty breakup – unless one or both of the partners becomes more
self-reliant and strikes out on his or her own. Frictions between the two
partners have developed over a wide range of issues, including trade, the
renminbi's exchange rate, regional security, intellectual property, and cyber
attacks, among others. If America remains stuck in its under-saving ways but
finds itself without Chinese goods and capital, it will suffer higher inflation,
rising interest rates, and a weaker dollar. But will future generations,
particularly in advanced economies, realize such expectations? I do not envy
future generations for having to address the possible ramifications of global
warming and fresh-water depletion. The final challenge concerns a wide array of
issues that require Regulation of rapidly evolving technologies by governments
that do not necessarily have the competence or resources to do so effectively.
Government interventions to date, mainly in the form of enhanced education, have
proved largely ineffective. But there is a puzzle: In 1987, economist Robert
Solow – awarded the Nobel Prize for his pioneering work on growth – lamented
that "You can see the computer age everywhere but in the productivity
statistics. Equally important, it often does not accurately reflect the
improvement in societal wellbeing resulting from innovation. Of course, there
are grounds for a sigh of relief. Such initiatives should be backed by policies
that foster positive nutritional choices. To this end, entertainment media like
soap operas, which have emerged as important tools for empowering women in
conservative Middle Eastern societies, could be employed. Indeed, its three-year
plan for economic innovation, announced in February, aims to raise the female
employment rate to 62% by 2017, through the provision of affordable,
high-quality childcare facilities and expanded paid parental leave, among other
measures. Too many people are working in traditional, low-productivity service
industries, such as wholesale, retail trade, and restaurants, leaving modern,
high-productivity services like communications, health, financial
intermediation, and business services underdeveloped. As Joyce's story
demonstrates, agriculture is crucial to Africa's future. The world has had
evidence of this gender gap since at least 2011, but only limited data about its
scope, shape, and causes. This June, leaders from all over Africa will meet in
Malabo, Equatorial Guinea, to set the agenda for agricultural policy in the next
decade. The Importance of Being Boring. Following the creation of the IMF in
1944, many of the same decisions became routine, a lot less interesting, and
much easier to implement. The last time that many read a news story about the
Fund may have been when then-Managing Director Dominique Strauss Kahn was forced
out in May 2011, following accusations that he sexually assaulted an employee in
a New York hotel. Humans have five core competencies as far as the world of work
is concerned: · Moving things with large muscles. · Using hands, mouths, brains,
eyes, and ears to ensure that ongoing processes and procedures happen the way
that they are supposed to. The optimistic view is that those, like me, who find
ourselves fearing the relative wage distribution of the future as a source of
mammoth inequality and power imbalance simply suffer from a failure of
imagination. A century earlier, the French physiocrats Quesnay, Turgot, and
Condorcet did not see how the share of the French labor force employed in
agriculture could possibly fall below 50% without producing social ruin. And
today, the optimistic view is that those with excess wealth will continue to
think of lots of things for everyone else to do to make their lives more
convenient and luxurious, and that the ingenuity of the rich will outstrip the
supply of labor by the poor and turn the poor into the middle class. No
Russian-speaking refugees from eastern Ukraine or Crimea have fled into Russia,
and no Russian-speaker has sought political asylum anywhere else outside the
country. there is no oppression of Russian speakers in Ukraine, and there never
has been. In 2012, there were an estimated 207 million cases of malaria, leading
to some 627,000 deaths. Dengue fever is a leading cause of illness and death in
the tropics and subtropics, with as many as 100 million people infected each
year. he failed in all of these efforts. Balzac's mother, born
Anne-Charlotte-Laure Sallambier, came from a family of haberdashers in Paris.
"Honoré (so named after Saint Honoré of Amiens, who is commemorated on 16 May,
four days before Balzac's birthday) was actually the second child born to the
Balzacs; The narrator says: "Look how the academy returns the pretty ones we
send them!" Balzac himself attributed his condition to "intellectual
congestion", but his extended confinement in the "alcove" was surely a factor.
He despaired of being "a clerk, a machine, a riding-school hack, eating and
drinking and sleeping at fixed hours. He followed this effort by starting (but
never finishing) three novels: Balzac quickly turned to longer works, and by
1826 he had written nine novels, all published under pseudonyms and often
produced in collaboration with other writers. As of April 1828 Balzac owed
50,000 francs to his mother. "When the idea struck, he raced to his sister's
apartment and proclaimed: When the July Revolution overthrew Charles X in 1830,
Balzac declared himself a Legitimist, supporting Charles' House of Bourbon - but
with qualifications. Balzac revised obsessively, covering printer's proofs with
changes and additions to be reset. "In the first place he was too busy",
explains Saintsbury, "in the second he would not have been at home there....
Today the Château is a museum dedicated to the author's life. "Waclaw Hanski
died in 1841, and his widow and her admirer finally had the chance to pursue
their affections. "In late April the newly-weds set off for Paris. In the
preface to the first edition of Scènes De La Vie Privée, he writes: One critic
explained that "there is a center and a circumference to Balzac's world. A
nearly infinite reserve of energy propels the characters in Balzac's novels. As
he did with the people around him, Balzac studied these places in depth,
traveling to remote locations and surveying notes that he had made on previous
visits. the scene of a young man coming into the city to find his fortune is
ubiquitous in the realist novel, and appears repeatedly in Balzac's works, such
as Illusions Perdues. Shakespeare was born and brought up in
Stratford-upon-Avon. He appears to have retired to Stratford around 1613 at age
49, where he died three years later. Shakespeare produced most of his known work
between 1589 and 1613. In his last phase, he wrote tragicomedies, also known as
romances, and collaborated with other playwrights. The exception is the
appearance of his name in the 'complaints bill' of a law case before the Queen's
Bench court at Westminster dated Michaelmas Term 1588 and 9 October 1589. ...
there is an upstart Crow, beautified with our feathers, that with his Tiger's
heart wrapped in a Player's hide, supposes he is as well able to bombast out a
blank verse as the best of you: The London public playhouses were repeatedly
closed during extended outbreaks of the plague (a total of over 60 months
closure between May 1603 and February 1610), which meant there was often no
acting work. Shakespeare signed his last will and testament on 25 March 1616;
Shakespeare's will scarcely mentions his wife, Anne, who was probably entitled
to one third of his estate automatically. The epitaph carved into the stone slab
covering his grave includes a curse against moving his bones, which was
carefully avoided during restoration of the church in 2008. Its plaque compares
him to Nestor, Socrates, and Virgil. The plots of Shakespeare's tragedies often
hinge on such fatal errors or flaws, which overturn order and destroy the hero
and those he loves. The indoor setting, combined with the Jacobean fashion for
lavishly staged masques, allowed Shakespeare to introduce more elaborate stage
devices. Burbage played the leading role in the first performances of many of
Shakespeare's plays, including Richard III, Hamlet, Othello, and King Lear. In
some cases, for example Hamlet, Troilus and Cressida and Othello, Shakespeare
could have revised the texts between the quarto and folio editions. Influenced
by Ovid's Metamorphoses, the poems show the guilt and moral confusion that
result from uncontrolled lust. In 1599, two early drafts of sonnets 138 and 144
appeared in The Passionate Pilgrim, published under Shakespeare's name but
without his permission. The grand speeches in Titus Andronicus, in the view of
some critics, often hold up the action, for example; He increasingly tuned his
metaphors and images to the needs of the drama itself. The blank verse of his
early plays is quite different from that of his later ones. These included
run-on lines, irregular pauses and stops, and extreme variations in sentence
structure and length. but Shakespeare used them to explore characters' minds.
The Swiss Romantic artist Henry Fuseli, a friend of William Blake, even
translated Macbeth into German. The authors of the Parnassus plays at St John's
College, Cambridge numbered him with Chaucer, Gower and Spenser. As a result,
critics of the time mostly rated Shakespeare below John Fletcher and Ben Jonson.
A series of scholarly editions of his work, notably those of Samuel Johnson in
1765 and Edmond Malone in 1790, added to his growing reputation. In the 19th
century, critical admiration for Shakespeare's genius often bordered on
adulation. "That King Shakespeare", the essayist Thomas Carlyle wrote in 1840,
"does not he shine, in crowned sovereignty, over us all, as the noblest,
gentlest, yet strongest of rallying signs; Several "group theories" have also
been proposed. 
